feat: Updated self-hosting callout for air-gapped version (#1186)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/README.md

## Self-hosting benefits

Deploying Appsmith on your infrastructure gives complete control over security, updates, and scaling your infrastructure as per requirements.

:::info

> Appsmith needs internet access to cs.appsmith.com for Google sheets, release notes, templates, and more to work. For increased security, Appsmith provides an air-gapped version as part of its [Enterprise Edition](https://www.appsmith.com/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appsmith needs internet access to reach Appsmith cloud services `cs.appsmith.com` for several important features such as templates, Google Sheets integration, and fetching release notes to work. Appsmith provides an **Airgapped version** as part of [Enterprise Edition](https://www.appsmith.com/pricing).
```

:::

Installing Appsmith as a self-hosted instance has the following advantages:

> - **Security**: You get to keep your data on-premise. It also ensures that your API keys or security credentials never leave your server and have the same security rules applied to any other app. The applications you build would be on your infrastructure, inside your virtual private networks/VPC. You can host it on internal networks behind a firewall and also configure an [SSL and a custom domain](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/custom-domain).

Reviewer: the old looks good because its a heading, we don't need articles a/an
